Okay,
guys.
And welcome back to this final lecture in the workbook and Worksheets event section.
Okay,
Now,
if you downloaded the source file,
you'll notice that you have many,
mainly Tampa's across there.
All the green ones are to do with the workbook.
All the red ones are to do with work sheet.
And when you click in here,
you can see that you can see you can get to the code that we've actually used in the demos
right now.
You may notice that you have this sheet here,
top secrets on.
If I click this,
you're going to see exactly what it does.
Then we'll have a look at how you do it.
I'm gonna click the top secret sheet on do notice.
Have immediately gone back here on they have this message Top secret.
This sheet is highly classified.
You must be very important to view the contents.
Please enter the password below.
Let's imagine I don't know what the pass earlier,
so I'm just gonna type something on a hit,
Okay?
And then I get this access denied.
You better run security have been notified,
okay?
And I'm gonna run because I'm not clear to see that sheet?
Okay,
It's just a bit of fun,
but let's have a look at how we do that.
Olsen F 11 on We are on top Secret on here is the code.
I have used that password as string,
which I'm going to capture down here in an input box.
So I'm making sure that the enable events are on.
So this code will work.
I'm gonna choose ship guide so that immediately takes them away from the top secret
classified file on.
Gonna ask the user to enter the password user password,
which is the valuable declared here equals input box.
This sheet is highly classified on VB New Line.
You must be very important.
View the contents.
New line,
please.
Into the password below top secret.
That's the title on there.
We come onto a logical test,
which we've used before,
and it's going to say if use a password equals password,
then application enable events false there.
We must put that there because otherwise it's gonna innocently try to active to activate
the sheet again on this codes gonna execute in an absolute endless loop because the next
thing we tell it to do is select the sheet,
which is obviously going to call this code again.
So we're gonna enable events false.
We're going to turn off this code,
activating only until we have activated the sheet shirt top secret,
which you'll see here on.
Then we're gonna turn the events back on.
So if the password ended is correct,
we're going to stop this code executing.
Activate the sheet on.
Then we're going to turn on the enable events again.
If the use against the password wrong,
we're going to display the message box.
You better run security have been notified.
Exclamation point on its VB critical on access is denied on.
Then we want to end.
So if I come back here on attempt to do it and I don't know,
the password is I'm gonna get this warning.
But if I come over here Andi,
I click it again and I type password enter.
They dio this finally stop secret,
but I am now allowed to get into it.
So there you go.
That's the end of the workbook on work sheets Events section.
I'll see you in the next section.